Five lessons most women learn too late.
Number one, being the nice girl only
gets you disrespected. Acting unbothered
to seem easygoing and easy to get along
with teaches people that your emotions
don't matter. Boundaries do not make you
difficult. Boundaries make you
interesting and they protect you from
people who do not value you. Number two,
love is not proof to stay. Whether it's
a relationship with a man, your family,
or a friend, you can love someone deeply
and still need to walk away. Number
three, overexplaining kills respect. The
more you try to make someone understand
you, the more they stop listening.
Number four, your softness needs
protection. Being kind doesn't mean
being accessible. Not everyone deserves
your warmth and softness. Stop giving it
so freely and reserve it for those who
truly deserve it. And number five,
detachment is your biggest power move.
You always can tell how much a person
loves themselves by how quickly they can
walk away from people who disrespect
them. When you stop trying to convince,
chase, and fix, everything that's
actually meant for you will start
finding your way. If you want a part
two, let me know in the comments below.